- [Mary Ellen] Thanks for joining me on this transformation
of a bare bones microservice
into a production ready application.
After finishing this course I wanna encourage you
to dig deeper into Spring Security, Docker
and Spring Data JPA.
The learning library which includes my
Spring: Spring Data course can help you get there.
I love learner feedback,
please tell me what you think of this course
as well as what you would like to learn next.
I can be found under LinkedIn.com/in/mwbowmen
and my Twitter handle is @MEllenBowman.
I hope you enjoyed taking this learning journey
with me and that it helps you succeed
in your Spring application development.
Thanks for watching and keep on coding.